     Emsemble learning 

Using multiple learning algorithms together for the same task.
It gives better predictions than individual algo.


We take the votes from the different algos and find the with most probability.
Why ensemble?
1. better accuracy
2. high consistensy(avoids overfitting)
3. Reduces bias and variance.

When and where?
1. Single model overfits.
2. Result worth extra trainings.
3. Can be used for classification as well as regresson

Methods

1. Bootstrap Aggregating or bagging
    We select the subsets of data and train it with different algos and at last take the vote.

2. Boosting
    We give more emphasis on selecting  datasets which give wrong outputs inorder to increase accuracy.
	we select the first dataset(bag) and then train model and then we test that model.
	For each wrong predictions dataset we put that datapoint into again the model with some more datasets
	and then we ensemble it with the earlier model and test the model.
	We keep this doing till we get satifactory results.
	cons(overfitting)
	
	
	
	
KNN vs K mean clustering


K-nearest neighbors is a classification algorithm, which is a subset of supervised learning.
K-means is a clustering algorithm, which is a subset of unsupervised learning.

If I have a dataset of basketball players, their positions, and their measurements,
and I want to assign positions to basketball players in a new dataset where I have 
measurements but no positions, I might use k-nearest neighbors.

On the other hand, if I have a dataset of basketball players who need to be grouped
into k distinct groups based off of similarity, I might use k-means.

Correspondingly, the K in each case also mean different things! 
In k-nearest neighbors, the k represents the number of neighbors who have a vote
in determining a new player's position. Take the example where k =3. If I have a new basketball player who needs a position, 
I take the 3 basketball players in my dataset with measurements closest to my new basketball player, and I have 
them vote on the position that I should assign the new player.

The k in k-means means the number of clusters I want to have in the end. If k = 5, I will have 5 clusters, or 
distinct groups, of basketball players after I run the algorithm on my dataset.


features can be used for accuracy improvement of a classification model:::--->>

 A) Frequency count of terms
 B) Vector Notation of sentence
 C) Part of Speech Tag
 D) Dependency Grammar	